under Center takes the snap that off do
devonte he's inside the grippy darts of
the whole life gets a touchdown
watersnake touchdown FSU come on tape
Freeman takes it to the house is to go
CLE accent makes old nice a moment post
on the bar touchdown official it was
number one it was Kelvin Benjamin call
his number he's tall at 65 no way Isaac
Dawn's was going to cover him that's a
touchdown here for you to snap out of
the gun play action fake so about what
those are passed earlier that's odd
touchdown tight end Nicole Larry
touchdown Florida State beat the
linebacker hand he bought his hidden
pearl route under the goal post and then
passes right on the money touchdown FSU
27 nothing out of the shotgun moving
right here's the snap three-man rush
down two leaflets what's the flushed out
of the pocket looks doubt it those at da
beautiful you know ha ha touchdown FSU
it's kitty Shawn and Winston buys time
rolling left its thirty four to nothing
21-yard touchdown the snap out of the
gun-free Winston looks he's going to be
he got away from the sack runs to his
Rick goes down there's a paw touchdown
on a show echo Larry what a remarkable
Houdini job by Jameis Winston calling
famous Jameis that is a remarkable play
my goodness ll Larry with a great catch
to stay in bounds before a 12-yard TD
how do you stop that William Boyd how do
you stop the 22 yard line with what
first play of the fourth quarter pass
off ha ha touchdown Florida State Kelvin
Benjamin frozen rope Winston to a
corner posts are out wrought by number
one Kelvin Benjamin how about that make
them pay for the turnover and we do 48
seconds inside and off Carlos Williams
finds a little he breaks the title of a
preacher one that's not official Carlos
Williams takes into the house he hurdled
a tackler coca will hand the ball off
inside and Ryan green a freshman Ruslan
oh it's a rough I concur he kept the
ball on a bootleg nobody picked him up
and Coker scores his first career
rushing touchdown wow it is 62 to
nothing